LOGIN IN: admin/admin (superuser)


MANAGING DATA: Demo adding new resources from the New_Monuments.txt file

    1. Add Name (don't include type) then demo going back and adding a type
    2. Add Creation and Destruction Date (don't save and try to go to a different form)
    3. Go to Location form 
        - Demo the different basemaps available, pick "Emerald" (all managable via CLI)
        - Demo the Geocoder (It's near the "David Chiddick" building)
    3. Add the rest of the data ()
    4. Refresh page and demo update of displayed name 
    5. Show recent edits page
    5. Add related resource (go to location form and see that there is a nearby monument)
        Search for "Late Saxon" and "Brayford" "Late Saxon-early medieval pits, Brayford Wharf East"
        Notice that you can't add the relationship.
        Fix this by opening a new window to manage that setting

        Related from 150 to 410 AD

        ??Depending on time we could related to another resource called "Late saxon dumps, Brayfor Wharf East"

    6. Point out other functions 
        Copy Resource
        Delete
        View Report



SEARCH: There are many different ways to search for data in Arches

    Text Search Example: "Brayford"

        Describe "and" search - type additional term "east" - notice reduction in results

        Inverted Example: invert "east"

    -- Explain the search results and display on map
        Edit Link
        Map Link
        Related Resources Link
        
    Term Search Example: "Brayford Bridge"
    
    Concept Search Example: "Early Saxon" (Early Midieval)
    
    Time Search Example:
        Show time wheel
    
    Map Search Example: 

        Polygon search NE corner of Lincoln (community near Wragby Rd. Outer Circle Rd.) - 3 Results  
            show inverted results - 5981 results

        Line search search waterway just east of "Melville St.", 
            show reduced buffer of 10ft


    "Finally, let's search for the resource we just added with the text 'roman', then 'dump', then 'brayford' "

    "Show searching for the concept 'Midden (Domestic)' finds the item"
    Otherwise known as a "landfill"
    Search for "landfill"

RDM: 

    Search for "MIDDEN (DOMESTIC)"

    Add "altLabel" - "Landfill"

    Show how searching for resource with "Landfill" returns the resource just added above

    Explain ConceptScheme Methods
        Add Scheme
        Import Scheme ("Mena") on desktop
        Export Scheme ("Mena")
        Delete Scheme ("Mena")

    Let's add "Temporary" as a "Name Type"


